[Docs] finishing account crate in dpc (#4)
lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book: src/snarkVM/virtual_machine/input_circuit.md

    fn push_namespace<NR, N>(&mut self, name_fn: N)
    where
        NR: AsRef<str>,
        N: FnOnce() -> NR;

    /// Exit out of the existing namespace. Not intended for
    /// downstream use; use `namespace` instead.
    fn pop_namespace(&mut self);

    /// Gets the "root" constraint system, bypassing the namespacing.
    /// Not intended for downstream use; use `namespace` instead.
    fn get_root(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Root;

    /// Begin a namespace for this constraint system.
    fn ns<NR, N>(&mut self, name_fn: N) -> Namespace<'_, F, Self::Root>
    where
        NR: AsRef<str>,
        N: FnOnce() -> NR,
    {
        self.get_root().push_namespace(name_fn);

        Namespace(self.get_root(), PhantomData)
    }

    /// Output the number of constraints in the system.
    fn num_constraints(&self) -> usize;

    /// Output the number of public input variables to the system.
    fn num_public_variables(&self) -> usize;

    /// Output the number of private input variables to the system.
    fn num_private_variables(&self) -> usize;

    /// Output whether the constraint system is in the setup mode.
    fn is_in_setup_mode(&self) -> bool;
}
```

> A constraint system can have new variables (signals) allocated and constrains that are formed between them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A constraint system can have new variables (signals) allocated and constraints that are formed between them. 
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

Structs that implement the `ConstraintSystem` trait can:
- Allocate private and public variables.
- Enforce that  A * B = C, being A, B and C linear combinations with coefficients in a given field.
- Enter into new (sub)namespaces and exit from them.
- Begin a namespace for its system.

## Namespace

> Namespaces are a kind of constraint system which borrows a constraint system (pushing a namespace context) and, when dropped, pops out  the namespace context. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces are a kind of constraint system which borrows a constraint system (pushing a namespace context) and, when dropped, pops out the namespace context. 
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

```rust
pub struct InputPublicVariables<N: Network> {
    /// The serial number of the input record.
    serial_number: N::SerialNumber,
    /// The commitments on the input record value.
    input_value_commitment: N::ValueCommitment,
    ledger_root: N::LedgerRoot,
    local_transitions_root: N::TransactionID,
    // These are required in natively verifying an inner circuit proof.
    // However for verification in the outer circuit, these must be provided as witness.
    /// Program ID
    pub(super) program_id: Option<N::ProgramID>,
}
```

Input public variables are structs that contain the *serial number* of an input record, the *input value commitment* that is the value of the commitments on the input record value, the *ledger root*, the *local transactions root* of type `N::TransactionID` and a *program id* of type `N::ProgramID`. The last are required in natively verifying an input circuit proof. However for verification in the outer circuit, these might be provided as witness.
They can be created blank with default values using `InputVariables::blank` or with specific values using `InputVariables::new` passing the pertinent arguments for its building.

> The can be turned into field elements, this is a vector of `InnerScalarField`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The can be turned into field elements, this is a vector of `InnerScalarField`.
```
or
```suggestion
The can be turned into field elements, this is a vector of `InnerScalarFields`.
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

### Input Private Variable

```rust
pub struct InputPrivateVariables<N: Network> {
    // Inputs.
    pub(super) input_record: Record<N>,
    pub(super) ledger_proof: LedgerProof<N>,
    pub(super) signature: N::AccountSignature,

    pub(super) input_value_commitment_randomness: N::ProgramScalarField,
}
```

Input private variables are structs that contain an *input record*, a *ledger proof*, a *signature* and an *input value commitment randomness*, that is a `ProgramScalarField` (an alias for `PrimeField` trait).

> Like public variables the can be blank or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like public variables they can be blank or not.
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

> Well, now we have a better context. We know what it means to be an input circuit, what it does, who interact, and where it works. But, how does it generate a constraint?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well, now we have a better context. We know what is an input circuit, what it does, its interactions, and where it works. But how does it generate a constraint?
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

### Constraints Generation

To generate constraints means:

1. Declare this variables as namespaces and field elements.
2. Check that the record is well-formed.
3. Check that the serial number is derived correctly.
4. Check that the commitment appears on the ledger or prior transition (i.e. the membership witness is valid with respect to the ledger root). 
5. Check that the input value commitment is derived correctly.
6. Check that the signature is valid.

> For a more in-deph understanding of the constraints generation, this is the complete workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more in-depth understanding of the constraints generation, this is the complete workflow:
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

- Compute the block header root declaring the ledger block header root inclusion proof and performing the ledger block header root inclusion proof computation with the block header root CRH and the candidate ledger transactions root.
- Declare the previous block hash with the ledger proof.
- Construct the block hash preimage with the previous block hash and the candidate block header root.
- Ensure the ledger root inclusion proof is valid declaring the ledger root inclusion proof and performing the ledger root inclusion proof check with the ledger root CRH, the ledger root, the candidate block hash, and the is local or dummy flag.

#### Check that the input value commitment is derived correctly.
- Declare the value commitment randomness.
- Declare the given value commitment.
- Compute the input value commitment candidate with the value commitment randomness.
- Check that the input value commitment is valid by comparing the candidate value commitment and the given value commitment.

#### Check that the signature is valid.
- Construct the signature with the candidate commitment and the input program id.
- Convert the signature to bits.

> - Compute the signature the signature with the account signature parameters and the public key, the signature message, and the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compute the signature with the account signature parameters and the public key, the signature message, and the signature.
```

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)

- Check the signature verification 

## Inner Circuit

```mermaid
flowchart

A[InnerCircuit<N>] --> B1[InputPublicVariables<N>]
A[InnerCircuit<N>] --> B2[InputPrivateVariables<N>]
```

> 

Reviewer: Too many EOLs

Author: Already resolved on [f3642ee](https://github.com/lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book/pull/4/commits/f3642ee82c142948e3c2880446ed1c89044b9a43)
